README.md, before:

# 🌐 Week 6: Introduction to HTML & CSS

Welcome to your first web development assignment!

In this project, you will practice the basic building blocks of websites using **HTML** and **CSS**.

---

## 🎯 Objective

Create a simple webpage that demonstrates your understanding of:

- Headings
- Paragraphs
- Images
- Links
- Lists
- Div containers
- Buttons
- Basic CSS styling

---

## 🧱 Part 1: HTML Basics

Inside your `index.html` file:

### 1️⃣ Add a Main Heading

Create an `<h1>` with your website title.

Example:

```html
<h1>Welcome to My Website</h1>
```

---

### 2️⃣ Add a Paragraph

Under your heading, add a paragraph introducing your page.

```html
<p>This website is about Artificial Intelligence.</p>
```

---

### 3️⃣ Add an Image

Insert an image using the `<img>` tag.

```html
<img src="image.jpg" alt="AI Image">
```

You may use an online image URL if needed.

---

### 4️⃣ Create a List

Add either:

- An unordered list (`<ul>`)
- Or an ordered list (`<ol>`)

```html
<ul>
  <li>AI in healthcare</li>
  <li>AI in cars</li>
  <li>AI in gaming</li>
</ul>
```

---

### 5️⃣ Add a Link

Create a clickable link using the `<a>` tag.

```html
<a href="https://openai.com">Visit OpenAI</a>
```

---

### 6️⃣ Add a Button

Add a simple button to your page.

```html
<button>Click Me</button>
```

---

## 🎨 Part 2: CSS Basics

Inside your `style.css` file:

### 1️⃣ Change the Background Color

```css
body {
  background-color: lightblue;
}
```

---

### 2️⃣ Change Text Color

```css
h1 {
  color: darkblue;
}
```

---

### 3️⃣ Add Padding and Margin

```css
div {
  padding: 20px;
  margin: 10px;
}
```

---

### 4️⃣ Style a Button

```css
button {
  background-color: blue;
  color: white;
  border: none;
  padding: 10px;
  border-radius: 5px;
}
```

---

### 5️⃣ Add a Hover Effect

```css
button:hover {
  background-color: darkblue;
}
```

---

## ⭐ Extra Challenge (Optional)

If you finish early, try:

- Centering your content
- Adding a border to an image
- Using a custom font
- Creating a card-style box using a `<div>`

---

## 📤 Submission Instructions

1. Save your files.
2. Commit your changes.
3. Push to your repository.
4. Make sure your webpage loads correctly in Codespaces.

---

## 🚀 Reminder

HTML = Structure  
CSS = Design  

Have fun building your first website!

Commit message:

Revise assignment section in README
Updated the section title from 'Extra Challenge' to 'In-Class Assignment' and modified the content to make it a required task with suggestions for personalization.

README.md, after:

# 🌐 Week 6: Introduction to HTML & CSS

Welcome to your first web development assignment!

In this project, you will practice the basic building blocks of websites using **HTML** and **CSS**.

---

## 🎯 Objective

Create a simple webpage that demonstrates your understanding of:

- Headings
- Paragraphs
- Images
- Links
- Lists
- Div containers
- Buttons
- Basic CSS styling

---

## 🧱 Part 1: HTML Basics

Inside your `index.html` file:

### 1️⃣ Add a Main Heading

Create an `<h1>` with your website title.

Example:

```html
<h1>Welcome to My Website</h1>
```

---

### 2️⃣ Add a Paragraph

Under your heading, add a paragraph introducing your page.

```html
<p>This website is about Artificial Intelligence.</p>
```

---

### 3️⃣ Add an Image

Insert an image using the `<img>` tag.

```html
<img src="image.jpg" alt="AI Image">
```

You may use an online image URL if needed.

---

### 4️⃣ Create a List

Add either:

- An unordered list (`<ul>`)
- Or an ordered list (`<ol>`)

```html
<ul>
  <li>AI in healthcare</li>
  <li>AI in cars</li>
  <li>AI in gaming</li>
</ul>
```

---

### 5️⃣ Add a Link

Create a clickable link using the `<a>` tag.

```html
<a href="https://openai.com">Visit OpenAI</a>
```

---

### 6️⃣ Add a Button

Add a simple button to your page.

```html
<button>Click Me</button>
```

---

## 🎨 Part 2: CSS Basics

Inside your `style.css` file:

### 1️⃣ Change the Background Color

```css
body {
  background-color: lightblue;
}
```

---

### 2️⃣ Change Text Color

```css
h1 {
  color: darkblue;
}
```

---

### 3️⃣ Add Padding and Margin

```css
div {
  padding: 20px;
  margin: 10px;
}
```

---

### 4️⃣ Style a Button

```css
button {
  background-color: blue;
  color: white;
  border: none;
  padding: 10px;
  border-radius: 5px;
}
```

---

### 5️⃣ Add a Hover Effect

```css
button:hover {
  background-color: darkblue;
}
```

---

## 🏫 In-Class Assignment (Required)

Tailor the page to your liking.

👉 Make the website about **you or your interests**.

Some ideas:
- Your favorite hobby
- A sport you like
- A favorite video game
- Music you enjoy
- Your future career goals

Be creative and personalize your design!

---

## 📤 Submission Instructions

1. Save your files.
2. Commit your changes.
3. Push to your repository.
4. Make sure your webpage loads correctly in Codespaces.

---

## 🚀 Reminder

HTML = Structure  
CSS = Design  

Have fun building your first website!
